---
layout: post
title:      "* Giving Up *"
date:       2018-06-14 10:26:45 +0000
permalink:  giving_up
---


They're wrong about you.  Go ahead - "give up".  Be a "quitter".

Keeping it moving is not about perpetual motion.  Those who have been through it know that.

There are dark times, and bad days.  So many that they start to say "it's you".  After all, you are the common factor right?

Here's a truth that no one tells you when you come to them with your "drama".  Every human being on this planet will suffer at some point in their lives.  There's just no way to avoid it.  Crying is ok.  Sleeping more is ok.  It's more than ok, these things are necessary.  There's nothing wrong with being wounded when someone or something hurts you.  You're not made of steel and a positronic brain sans emotion chip.

So give up.  Rest.  Take all the time you need.  It feels like it will be forever.  It feels that way now.

And you know what?  One day you will rise while the world is still sleeping, and in the comforting dark and quiet of the night you will see the glow of the screen again on your beautiful mahogany skin.  That magic blend of machine blue and familiar flesh will greet you as you start to pound out some tentative code again.  And it will work.  Your program will run without errors.  Or maybe a few...but you'll know how to debug them.  You'll lose track of time.

So and so became a programmer first.  This one didn't have to take a course and the company still hired them.  This one faced the same obstacles as you and confidently started their own business.  You're sitting up on propped pillows feeling hungry and worried about bills.

Only today, right now, it doesn't feel like forever.

Sometimes you need to "quit".  It's not what they think, it's not what they say.  It's your mind saying "I need a break!".  It's your body saying "move me and heal me!".  It's your spirit saying "Captain, she can't take much more!".  You'll get your groove back.  Maybe not as fast as they do, maybe not as fast as you want to, but keep going-stopping-going.  

We're gonna be aiight.
