---
layout: post
title:      "Dream Job?"
date:       2018-03-23 17:31:25 +0000
permalink:  dream_job
---


Disclaimer : this isn't about that ridiculously awesome serial show based in Singapore where a wealthy man uses a reality show to hire new children to take over his empire.  

Once you get the hang of living with Imposter Syndrome, how do you deal with the fear of your dream job turning into a nightmare?

The simple answer is you can’t predict and avoid every bad situation.  

However, there could be some red flags during the interview process.  Check out this Washington Post article:  https://jobs.washingtonpost.com/article/red-flags-to-look-out-for-during-a-job-interview/

Sometimes you can spot red flags BEFORE the interview.  Company reviews, posted interviews with the founders, financial reports, Youtube videos, and employee blogs can provide great insight before you decide to apply.

Job listings show the company priorities and expectations.  If you are transitioning into software development, you probably have a list of things you would love to have in your next role and a list of red flags from past positions that were disappointing.  Here are just a few of the red flags I have on my list.

**Workplace Flags**
* Loud
* Dirty 
* Nepotism/Entrenched Employees
* Unsafe neighborhood
* Location is hard to access
* Lack of resources
* Cult-ish
* Lack of diversity

**Employee Flags**
* Focus on socializing 
* Lack of interest in the work/technology
* Illegal/Offensive behavior 
* Materialism
* Cultural insensitivity
* Team structure is nonsensical
* Top-heavy management (did you get the memo about the TPS reports?)

**Role Flags**
* The job is really 10 jobs rolled into 1
* Vague task description and expectations
* Performance is assessed by non-technical person
* Performance assessment is heavily based on popularity/socializing
* No training or ramp-up time provided


Now here’s items on my DREAM JOB list :-D  We are talking about the DREAM so this is a list of JOYS :-D

**Workplace Joys**
* Own cubicle or office with a great environment and view
* Unlimited snacks
* Tons of technology to play with
* Hacking sessions and guest speakers
* Top of the line equipment
* Curiosity is encouraged
* Access to code so I can work outside of the typical M-F and 9-5 schedule
* Looks like the Enterprise or Stark’s lab

**Employee Joys**
* People are excited about their work and eager to learn more
* Ambitious and creative coworkers
* Manager is a great mentor and someone I admire
* People are compassionate 
* Focus is on work, yet everyone is accessible for questions

**Role Joys**
* Work is engaging and challenging
* Feel empowered to be creative and bold
* Clear understanding of how role evolves
* Feel proud to be in role
* Always something to learn!


What is on your Dream Job list?  What are your flags?


